#summary Instructions on how to use series-watcher
#labels Featured,Phase-Deploy

= Introduction =

This program watches a folder for new files, uses theTvDb.com to lookup information about them, and renames the files to a destination folder of your choice.


= Details =

To build, you will need Visual C# 2010 Express edition (available for free from Microsoft), or just download the pre-built files.

To run, edit the values of the series-watcher.exe.config file in your favorite text editor. Don't change the keys, just the values.

LOCAL_ROOT = the directory you want to use to cache info from theTvDb.com (don't change unless necessary).
WATCH_FOLDER = the folder you want series-watcher to watch (should probably only contain files for TV series).
MOVE_FOLDER = the root folder you want to move your files to after renaming.

series-watcher supports the following formats for TV shows in the WATCH_FOLDER:
{{{
<SeriesId>\<Title> S<Season>E<Episode>
<Title> S<Season>E<Episode>
<SeriesId>\<Title> <Date>
<Title> <Date>
}}}
Where `<SeriesId>` is the theTvDb.com series ID, `<Season>` is a number, `<Episode>` is a number, and `<Date>` is in the following format dd/MM/yy or dd.mm.yy or yyyy.mm.dd or yyyy/mm/dd

Examples:
  * 71256\The.Daily.Show.2011.02.17.blah blah blah.avi
  * Smallville.S10E14.720p.HDTV.blah blah blah.mkv

The application will try to find a match on theTvDb.com and rename the file as follows:

MOVE_FOLDER\Series Name\Season XX\Series Name - SXXEXX - Episode Name.extension


The SeriesId is useful if the application can't reliably choose the correct series from theTvDb.com.